you won't find it anywhere
attention family of the Channel pay attention
because in this video I bring you an
audiovisual document that was removed from the
internet and we have managed to recover it it
is a document that you cannot find
anywhere and our team has managed to
recover it it is
a video where Letizia is criticized and put down very
harshly and in fact I
consider that it goes too far in
some phrases But anyway This is a
personal opinion and it talks about the
dark past of Queen Letizia if you see this
photograph that you are seeing on the screen it
is a photo that I am not going to say that we are
going to premiere it on this channel but I
can tell you that it is one of the least
used and one of those that has seen
the light the least we have an audiovisual document
where Queen Letizia is so harshly criticized
that it has been removed from the
internet I am going to react let's
see it okay I ask for your support because I don't know
how long the channel will last
from now on what I do
need is for you to help me with a lot of
strength okay to be here standing I
necessarily need everyone
who is watching this video to subscribe that
subscribe to the Channel and give me a
good like What's up my
gentlemen if you didn't know me I invite you to
subscribe to this channel it covers
all the topics of the heart press
of La Crónica social and news from
television in the most entertaining way possible
okay we try to take care of the contents
we try to give exclusives on some
occasions And on this occasion investigating
deeply the internet I came across
this photo that led me to a series
of articles and
audiovisual documents, that is to say videos recordings
that were lying on the internet how are
my people from the channel I hope you
are enjoying the weekend eh
I feel divine the truth is that
forgive me that yesterday I could not upload any
video but well state for knife
I had a flu at home we are
all a little too so and I have had to
be quite busy so much so that I have
not been able to upload two
videos and well I did a live at
night if you want to see it I encourage you to
see it and here you have this photograph okay
Queen Letizia we do not see that she is
smoking at this friend's house no she
well she is not smoking but she does have
next to her  to a friend smoking who doesn't
mind So if you're not a smoker,
well if they put that cigarette right there so
close to your face, eh, would it bother you? No.
Then I don't know if maybe the queen
was a smoker at that time,
but what they do have in their hand is
a can of beer, okay, it's a can that
looks like a beer can. I'm not going to tell you that it
's a can of beer from Mercadona
because I understand that at this time
we're talking about 30, 30-
something years ago, Mercadona beer cans didn't exist,
okay, especially
because Mercadona wasn't around yet,
but it does seem like a brand of drinks
that isn't the one that everyone
knows, and it's very likely that
this photograph isn't even in
Spain. But anyway, let's read this blog,
okay. This blog that I found. But
anyway, in the depths of the internet,
okay, this file. This is how Ortiz lived before
being Felipe's girlfriend. I saw what
Leticia Ortiz was like before being Felipe's girlfriend and wife.
I saw there are many unknowns
that revolve around her life before. It's
true that certain things have come to light.
scandals related to the current
queen of Spain but she only lived through these
types of situations The truth is that no
below we are going to find out how
Leticia Ortiz lived before becoming the girlfriend
of King Felipe VI and what her life was like
who knows maybe she likes it more than she
has it now well I understand that there is
a spelling mistake here no and it means
that maybe she liked that life before
more than the one she has now at
least it is possible that her gestures were
more pleasant because the ones she has now are
always priceless Queen
Letizia has always characterized herself in her
public acts no and
the faces she makes have drawn attention no but
notice that here we find
several articles no eh with several
questions
eh the truth about the dark past of
Queen Letizia of Spain Leticia
unleashes her anger when she is discovered
partying in Malasaña with King Felipe the
workers of the royal house fed up with
Leticia's bad manners okay these are
documents that if you see when you click they are
no longer available YouTube tells you that it is
no longer available Why is it no longer
available because they have made sure that they
are not okay they are not available
here in  telesalseo we have recovered each
one of these documents and I am going to be showing them to you
in the following videos
okay what I do want please is for
you to pay close attention to the Channel, pay
close attention to the Channel because I am going
to be uploading these videos little by little
okay In the following hours some
will take days some will take hours and
some I will put it on a live show okay
There you have Queen Letizia very
young very pretty okay very pretty we don't
know who the gentleman
accompanying her is but he does have a can of
beer which well if it were a
current photo I would tell you that it is a beer from
Mercadona surely eh surely it is
a country where she was on a mission or
was studying I think working
yet I don't think this photo is much
younger than when we have seen the
queen on Spanish television also here we
see her with a darker hair color
Not much younger I would say that here
she is I Well here I would dare to
say that she is 17 18 years old I dare to
say correct myself if I'm wrong I
also don't know who the companion is okay in
the photo I don't know if it will be  a friend I don't know I don't
know what it will be I don't know if it will be another couple
that we don't know but the truth is that it
is a photograph that Very few
people talk about if in fact the trace is
worth it here you can see it a little better and you
can see how We have here what
looks like a Well, a party, one of those parties that
young people have
when they are studying, no, and when they
are in apartments, when they are in
student apartments, no, that they share with
several classmates No And surely Well,
here Leticia was studying
journalism or something
like that and she was spending a night uh in
which maybe she didn't have much to
study with friends and I imagine that
friends I don't know I'm also seeing that the
photo is cropped here okay And here
we see another elbow of what appears to be
another boy eh I don't know how many more people there will
be in the photo I'm going to try to get
the full photo as well and stay
tuned for the next videos
family I'm going to leave this video here
but as I said, worth it stay tuned for the
next content because it will be very
strong with everything so as not to miss it
subscribe press the like button and we'll
see you in the next video  Thank you so much
for the support family Thank you so much
for all the new ones who are
arriving to the Channel we will see you in the
next video and I will read you in the
comments box that I am very interested in the
feedback with you okay let's see what you
think of this photo and if you have more
information than me you can also
send it to me on my social networks Twitter and
Instagram and Facebook a kiss family
Thank you for the support We love you
very much If you liked the video Hit the
button and subscribe to our
[Music]
YouTube channel
and